 Once there was a mother pig who had three little pigs. She was so poor, however, that she could no longer take care of the young pigs. So she decided to send them away.

 It is time for you to go out into the world now. You are old enough to live on your own. Remember that hard work never hurts a pig. But I warn you, if you are lazy and get fat, than you will be too slow to run away from you know who. The hungry_old wolf! The three pigs were scared and shouted. So the three little pigs left their safe home and went out into the world. They each went a different way, and they each built themselves a new home.

 The first little pig was very nice and happy, but he was also very lazy. He didn’t like hard work. He always looked for the easy way to do things. Knowing he had to build a house for himself, the first little pig went go the market to look for supplies. When he saw a man selling straw, he said to himself, how easy it would be to build a house out of straw!

 How much is that straw, sir? I will sell it to you for two cents, little pig. I’ll take it. So the first little pig bought the straw, and he built his house. Well, that was easy. I didn’t have to work very hard, and now I have a new house. This is great! The first little pig went inside and relaxed in his new home.

 Now, the second little pig was a little different from the first. Because he liked to have lots of time to play, he always looked for the fastest way to do things. The second little pig also went to the market in search of supplies for his new house. When he saw a man selling sticks, he said to himself.

 I could really build a house quickly with those sticks. Sir, how much for those sticks? I will sell them to you for three cents. Great! I’ll buy them. So the second little pig bought the sticks and started to build his house.

 Mom said that we would have to work so hard, but this is so easy. Look how quickly I built my house with these sticks. Now I will have plenty of time to play.

 The third little pig was very different from his brothers. He was a very hard worker. He wasn’t worried about finding the easiest way or the fastest way. He wanted things done the right way. When he went to market to buy supplies for his house, he looked for something sturdy that would last.

 Wow! You have some really good bricks here, sir. I bet they would make a strong house. These bricks will help you build the finest house money can buy. How much for all of them? I will sell them to you for five dollars. Oh, I don’t have enough money right now. Can you wait until tomorrow? Okay, I will wait until tomorrow, but not any longer.

 The third little pig quickly left to find work so that he could earn enough money for the bricks. He worked very hard that day. When he was finished, he had the money he needed. Early the next morning, he took his money and bought the bricks, and began building his house. It took him a long time, but he knew the bricks would make his house strong and safe.

 When his house was finally finished, the third pig called his two brothers over to see his new home. They came and admired his work. Your house looks great. Now you have to come and play with us. Yeah! Let’s go into the forest to play. You two go on ahead. I still have some work to do. Wow, I get tired just WATCHING him work.

 Remember, mother pig warned us not to get fat and lazy. Oh, he is so silly, he loves to work, and he never plays. So the first little pig and the second little pig went into the forest to play while the third little pig stayed home and worked. What the pigs did not know was that in that same forest there was a scary, smart and very hungry_old wolf.


 The wolf usually ate squirrels, chickens, chipmunks, and other small animals. But today he was hungry for something different. Today he wanted a tender, delicious pig. BACON! PORK CHOPS! HAM! That’s what I want for dinner.

 Wait! What is that I smell? Could it be a tender, delicious pig? Just then, the scary, smart and very hungry wolf saw the two little pigs playing. He was a sneaky wolf and decided to try to join in their game. Hello, little pigs. I am a friendly wolf and would like to play with you.

 I … I… I don’t think so. Yeah, our mother warned us about you. The two little pigs stopped what they were doing and quickly ran back to their homes. The wolf followed them and came to the first little pig’s house. Little pig, little pig, let me in please. Never! No!_No! No!_No! No! You will never get in here! Then I will huff, and I will puff, and I will BOLW your house down!!

 So the wolf huffed, and he puffed, and he blew the house down. The first little pig was so afraid. He ran as fast as he could to the second little pig’s house and began banging on the door. Help me! Help me! The hungry_old wolf is coming after me.

 Come inside, brother pig. We will be safe in my house. Shortly after the first little pig was safely inside, they heard a knock on the door. Little pigs, little pigs, let me in. it’s the nice wolf. Never! No!_No! No!_No! We will never let you in. Then I will huff, and I will puff, and I will BLOW your house down!! So the wolf huffed, and he puffed, and he blew the house down. The two little pigs were really afraid now.

 They ran as fast as they could to the third little pig’s house, so the wolf would not eat them. Little brother! Little brother! Help us! The wolf is trying to eat us. I thought this would happen. Come into my house. Hurry! No, little brother. We should run away. The hungry_old wolf will blow this house down! He isn’t going to blow MY house down. It’s made of bricks.

 The two little pigs went inside the third little pig’s house, and moments later, they heard a knock on the door. Little pigs, little pigs, let me come in. it’s the nice wolf. Never! No!_No! No!_No! We will never let you in! Then I will huff, and I will puff, and I will BLOW your house down. So the wolf huffed and puffed and huffed and puffed, but he just couldn’t blow the house down! The three pigs cheered, and the wolf went home without a delicious pig in his stomach. I must have those pigs to eat. I will have to think of a new plan. I am a smart wolf, and I will just go back to their house tomorrow and trick them.

 Chapter 3

 The next day, he went back to the third little pig’s house with a really big, friendly smile.

 Little pigs, you are so smart. You are much smarter than me. I am sorry I tried to hurt you. Let’s be buddies. I know a really good field with lots of carrots. Do you want to go with me? Hmmm. That sounds nice. Where is the field, and when do you want to go? The field is very close. It’s on the side of farmer jack’s barn. I will come back tomorrow at six in the morning.

 When the wolf left, the first little pig and the second little pig turned to their brother and said. Are you crazy? He is going to eat you! He doesn’t want to eat carrots, he wants to eat you! The wolf will have to find me first. Don’t worry. Just wait and see. That night, the wolf was thinking to himself, finally, tomorrow I will be able to eat a tender, delicious pig. He fell asleep dreaming of pork chops, bacon and ham.


 The next morning at five o’clock, the third little pig got up, so he could get to the carrot field before the wolf. Hey guys, come on! Aren’t you coming with me? No way! It’s too early, and we’re scared.

 Okay, I will go by myself then. The third little pig was not worried at all. He knew what he was doing. He went to the field and picked carrots then quickly returned home. At exactly six o’clock, the wolf came to the house and knocked on the door. Who’s there? It’s me. Wolf! Let’s go find the carrots now. Oh, I’m sorry wolf. You are too late. I already went to the carrot field and I’m now making carrot soup.

 Maybe next time, He fooled me this time, but I will get him next time. So the wolf returned home, and the three little pigs cheered. All right! He’s gone! We tricked him! Yummm.

 That soup sure smells good, little brother. Let’s eat! Sorry guys. No soup for lazy pigs. You have to work for your food. We should have gone with him to the carrot field. The third little pig enjoyed his delicious carrot soup all by himself.

 The next day, the wolf was walking around in the forest, thinking about how he could eat the pigs, when suddenly, an apple dropped on his head. Hey, that gives me a good idea. Pigs really love apples. I will ask them to come with me to the apple orchards. They won’t trick me this time!

 The hungry_old wolf went back to the pigs’ house. Hey, I’m not mad at you, pigs. Please come with me tomorrow to the apple orchards, so we can pick some sweet, red apples together. Why, thank you. Wolfe. Where can we find these fine apples, and what time should we go? You can find the apples down at the merry orchards. I will pick you up at five o’clock. The hungry_old wolf returned home, thinking how smart he was to come up with such a wonderful plan.

 Meanwhile, the pigs were making plans of their won. I am going to sleep now, because I am going to get up at four o’clock tomorrow morning. If you want apple pie, you have to come with me this time. We’ll come! We’ll come! The next morning at four o’clock, all the little pigs went to the merry orchards. They climbed the trees and began gathering sweet, red apples. That silly old wolf thought he could trick us. Did you ever see anyone so dumb? Shhhh! Don’ t talk so much. We have to hurry.

 At that very moment , the wolf ran out from behind a tree. Now I’ve got you! You didn’t outsmart me this time. That’s what you think. The little pigs began throwing apples like bullets and sent the wolf running. The pigs climbed down from the tree and took all their delicious apples home. They baked many apple pies, and this time all the pigs enjoyed the food. This will never be enough pie for me. I could eat a whole mountain of apple pies.

 The next morning while the pigs were out taking a walk, they saw an advertisement that interested them. Hey brother, look at this! It says there is a fair going on at the village square. Can we go, please? Oh look! There is a pie eating contest. That’s for me! Well, there are some things I need for the farm. I guess we can go.

 What the pigs did not know was that the hungry_old wolf was watching them from a distance. He was up to his old tricks. The fair, eh? I think I’ll enter the pig eating contest rather than the pie eating contest. This time I’ll get there first!

 The following day, the pigs were so excited about going to the fair, they forgot all about the hungry_old wolf. When they arrived, they each wanted to do something different. I want to go on the merry-go-round! No, the ferries wheel, the Ferris wheel! I’ll see you two later. I see the farm supply booth just over there. Oh good. Now I can eat them one at a time. The wolf immediately put his plan into action. He quietly went over to the merry-go-round and stepped up on the platform, pretending to be one of the horses.

 The first little pig could hardly wait to ride the merry-go-round. He ran to the man and handed him the money. He jumped on to one of the horses, not knowing he would actually jump on the back of the hungry_old wolf! Wow! This one has real fur. The ride started, and suddenly the little pig realized he was not on a merry-go-round horse. The hungry_old wolf jumped off the merry-go-round and began running off with the first pig on his back. Help! Let me off! Now I’ve got you!

 The scared little pig knew he had to do something. So he slid off the wolf’s back and ran to find his brother. The second pig was about to get on the Ferris wheel when he heard the cries of the first little pig. The w-w-wolf is here! Help! The wolf is here? Hurry, get on the Ferris wheel with me. Mister, send us to the top…quickly.

 When the wolf saw that the two pigs were on the Ferris wheel, he jumped on and began climbing to the top where they were. He was getting closer and closer. But as soon as the pigs reached the bottom again, they jumped off and begged the Ferris wheel man to help them. Please mister, keep the hungry_old wolf away from us! No problem, little pigs. I know just what to do. The man turned the Ferris wheel speed to turbo and gave the wolf a real ride for his money. He isn’t going to feel like eating pigs or anything else for a while. Thanks! We won’t have to worry about him now.

 Just then, the first little pig saw a sign pointing to the pie eating contest. Come on, brother. This is what I came for! Where do a sign up? The first pig entered the pie eating contest and the second pig cheered him on. The little pig ate and ate. In fact, several hours later, he was still eating pies.

 Keep it up brother, you’re winning! Someone else was secretly cheering the little pig on. The more you eat, the sweeter you will taste, little piggy. Finally, all the other contestants gave up, and the first little pig was declared the winner. Congratulations, little pig! You are this year’s pie eating contest winner! Will you say a few words?

 Uggggg! Ah ha! He’s too full to even talk, much less run. I’ll just walk over and grab him. Little did the wolf know, but the third little pig knew what he was up to and had planned of his own. The wolf came out of hiding and started coming after the first and second little pigs.

 Watch out! Here comes the hungry_old wolf again! What do we do now? I don’t know! There’s no way I can run after eating all those pies! I have you now, little pigs. There’s no where to hide. Just then, the third little pig came to the rescue of his brothers. Hurry, jump in this barrel. We are going to roll you home.

 What?? Just do it! We are running out of time! So the first little pig jumped into the barrel and his brothers quickly began rolling him home with the wolf close behind them. When they finally got home, the pigs locked all the doors and all the windows.

 The wolf arrived at the pigs’ home moments later. He knew from past experience that he couldn’t blow this house down, so he just waited outside, knowing the pigs would have to come out sooner or later.

 He’s still out there! What are we going to do? Well, I guess we should just ask him to join us for dinner. What? Are you crazy?! Trust me. I have a plan. I’ve already got the pot of water boiling in the fireplace. So, the third little pig opened the door and invited the wolf for dinner. Wolfe, you look so hungry. Why don’t you come in for dinner? I would love to join you for dinner. But when the wolf tried to enter the house, the door slammed shut. I’m so sorry, Wolfe. The wind must have blown the door closed.

 Why don’t you come in through the window. So the wolf ran to the window. But just as he tried to go in, the window suddenly closed. Ooops! How clumsy of me. The window just slipped out of my hands. The chimney is the only other way into the house. But I think you’re too big to fit. I’m sorry, Wolfe. He thinks he can fool me. I’ll give him a big surprise and show him I can fit down the chimney.

 The hungry_old wolf climbed up to the roof and slipped down the chimney, ready to surprise the three little pigs. But it was he that was surprised. When the wolf reached the bottom, he fell right into the little pigs’ cooking pot. And that was the end of the hungry_old wolf. With their wolf troubles now finally behind them, you can be sure the three little pigs lived happily ever after!


 When the sun set, they became her brothers again. This is where we live now. It is not as nice as the castle, but we like it. There are berries and fruit trees in the forest. You should get some sleep now. Yes, I am tired. I hope I can find how to save you. Maybe you will dream it. Good night, Elise.

 That night, Elise had a dream. A fairy came to her and told her how to break the spell. This nettle grows outside the cave. Pick the nettles and crush them with your feet. Make the nettles into thread. Then weave the thread into eleven coats. Throw the coats over your brothers, and they will never be swans again. The spell will be broken. But be careful. You must not speak a word before the spell is broken. If you say anything at all to anyone, your brothers will never be saved.

 The next morning, Elise was very happy. She knew how to save her brothers.

 She ran outside and found the nettles. She picked many nettles and carried them to the cave. Then she crushed the nettles with her feet until they were soft. Then she made thread and began to weave the first coat. She was still working when the sun went down. Her brothers came home and saw her working.

 Hi, Elise. What are you doing? But Elise didn’t answer. She was not allowed to speak. She smiled at her brothers and showed them the nettle coat. What’s wrong? Why won’t you talk to us? She’s making a strange coat. Maybe the coats will break the spell. That is why she cannot speak. If she speaks, the magic coats will not work.

 Elise smiled again. Her brothers were so smart. They helped her when they could. They brought her food and water, so she could work on the magic coats. After a few days, the first coat was done. Elise and her brothers were very happy.

 Chapter 4

 One day, Elise went outside to pick more nettles. Suddenly, a hunting party appeared. The leader of the hunting party was a handsome young man. He saw Elise, and walked over to her. Hello, miss. I am the king of this land. Who are you?

 Elise bowed to the young king, but she did not say anything. The girl does not speak, my king. What is wrong with her? I don’t know. But she is very beautiful. I will take her to the castle and marry her. She will be a wonderful queen.

 But Elise did not want to go with the young king. She wanted to stay with her brothers and help them. She shook her head no and started to cry. But the king picked her up and put her on his horse. Do not cry, my dear. This cave is not a good place to live. You will be very happy at my castle. Soon they arrived at the young king’s castle.

 Everyone welcome Elise and tried to make her happy. Elise liked the people at the castle, but she was still very sad, one person did not like Elise. The king’s chief_minister did not trust her.

 My king, this girl is too strange. Why won’t she talk to us? And why does she cry all the time? She is not a normal girl. I think she is a witch. Nonsense, she is not a witch. I think she misses her home. I have an idea to make her happier.

 A few days later, the young king showed Elise a special room in the castle. I made this room to look just like you cave. We even brought your nettles and your coats. You can continue your strange work. Now will you be happy for me?

 For the first time since coming to the castle, Elise smiled. She was so happy. Now she could make more magic coats for her brothers. She hugged the young king and kissed his hand in thanks. Soon, they were married. Elise and the king were very happy together. Every day, she ruled the kingdom with the king. Every night, she worked on the magic coats. But the chief_minister still did not trust her. He watched her every night.

 One night, Elise ran out of nettles. She left the castle to pick more. The chief_minister followed her. He saw her picking the nettles, but he did not know why. This is too strange. A normal girl does not pick nettles in the middle of the night.

 Now I can prove that she is a witch. The king will put her in jail. The next morning, the chief_minister found the young king. My king, I can prove your wife is a witch. Last night, I followed her. She left and went to the cave. She picked lots of nettles to make those strange coats. A normal girl does not pick nettles in the middle of the night. She is a witch.

 I don’t believe you, my wife is wonderful. I love her. She is not a witch. Please, let me show you. Watch her at night. You will see. Alright, I will watch her. Then I will prove that she is not a witch. For many nights the young king and the chief_minister watched Elise. She worked hard weaving the magic coats.

 Finally, ten coats were finishes. But she needed more nettles that night, Elise left the castle and went to the cave. The king and the chief_minister followed her. They watched her picking nettle under the moon.

 Now do you see? Only a witch picks nettles at night. She will cast spells on the kingdom. This is terrible. But I must believe you. Oh, how sad I am. My beautiful wife is a witch. Will you put her in jail? Yes. I will. I must protect my kingdom. I will tell the guards to arrest her tomorrow morning.

 Chapter 5

 The next morning, the guards arrested Elise. They took her to a tall tower and locked her in a small room. They threw the nettles and coats at her. Here are your nettles. they will be your blankets.

 Goodbye, witch. Don’t cast your evil spells on us. Elise was so sad. She loved the young king, but he thought she was a witch. She began to cry.

 Suddenly, she heard birds flying by the window. She looked outside and saw eleven swans. The swans all had golden crowns on their heads. Her brothers found her! She pointed to the jail house. The biggest swan nodded his head. He understood what was happening. Now Elise had new hope. She started to work very hard on the last coat. She worked all day and all night long. She didn’t sleep or eat anything.

 The next morning, the young king arrived with the chief minister. Good_morning, witch. Today you will go to jail. Are you ready? Please speak to us. Tell us why you are making these strange coats. If we knew why, you would not go to jail.

 But Elise did not say anything. She looked at the king with a sad face. She will not speak. We must send her to jail. I’m so sorry, my dear. But I must protect my kingdom.

 Elise picked up the eleven magic coats. The last coat was almost finished. She followed the chief Minister to a cart. This cart will take you to jail. Get in.

 Elise got into the cart. She quickly started working on the last coat. She hoped to finish the coat quickly. The cart rolled through the town. All the towns. people came out to see Elise go to jail. They arrived at the jail house just as Elise finished the last coat. The guards opened the cart door and Elise stepped out.

 Suddenly, eleven swans flew down to her. She threw a coat over each swan. The spell was broken, and the swans turned into her brothers. She is a witch! She turned those swans into young men! No, I am not a witch. These young men are my brothers.

 Elise is right. Our stepmother was a witch. She cast an evil spell on us. The nettle coats broke the spell. Now we are free.

 Why didn’t you tell us this before? I could not speak while I worked on the coats. If I said a word to anyone, the magic coats would not work. I’m sorry I worried you. You were so brave and strong. I love you, Elise. I love you too. I’m so happy I can speak to you now.

 Elise, her brothers and the young king went back to the castle. They sent a messenger to Elise’s father. The next day, he came to see his children. Elise! My sons! I’m so happy to see you again. Father, I missed you so much. Where is stepmother? I don’t know. Your messenger told me about the evil spell.


 Once upon a time, there was a king. He has eleven handsome sons and one beautiful daughter. The daughter’s name was Elise.

 One day, he called all his children together. Children, three years ago, your mother died. We all love her very much.

 But the kingdom needs a queen. I met a wonderful woman. I asked her to marry me, and she said yes. She will be your new mother. Is she beautiful? Yes, she’s very beautiful. Is she smart? Yes, she’s very smart. Is she kind? Yes, she’s very kind.

 I’m sure she will love you all. Please help me make her happy. We will, father!

 The next week, the new queen came to the castle. She was very beautiful and very smart, but she was not kind at all. Husband, who are all these children? They are my sons and my daughter. Children, say hello to your new mother.

 Hello, pleased to meet you. I hate children. Keep them in their rooms.

 But, my dear, everyone loves my children. They can’t stay in their rooms all the time. Then keep them away from me. I never want to see them, especially the little girl. I hate little girls the most of all.

 Elise ran to her room. She was crying. She was so sad that the queen hated her. Soon her brothers came to see her. It’ s ok, Elise. Don’t cry. We love you.

 Why does the queen hate us so much? I don’t know. But we won’t let her hurt you. No, we won’t. John had an ideas. Tell father that you want to live in the country with aunt mina. She will take care of you. We can visit you on weekends, and you will be safe from the queen there. She scares us. We don’t like her. Thank you so much. I will do that.

 The next morning, Elise found the king. Father, may I ask you for a favor? I want to live with Aunt Mina in the country. Why do you want to do that? The queen doesn’t like me. If I stay, she will be angry all the time. If I go, maybe she will be happier here. I think you are right. I’m sorry to cause so much trouble for you. It’s alright, father. I like aunt mina. And my brothers will visit on weekends. I will be very happy there.

 That afternoon, Elise left the castle. Everyone was sad to see her go , except the queen. The queen smiled. That night, the queen called for the eleven brothers. Boys, I’m sorry. I was very mean to you when we first met. Let’s be friends. We thought you hated children.

 I hate children who are loud and run around. But you are polite and quiet. I think I will like you .Let’s have a picnic tomorrow. We will go to the lake to have lunch. We can talk and become friends. Ok. We will have lunch with you tomorrow. Thank you. That was very strange. Do you trust her? No, I don’t trust her. But we can’t say no to the queen. Let’s be careful tomorrow.

 Chapter 2

 The next day, the queen and the brothers went to the lake. It was a beautiful day. It was sunny, and the birds were singing in the trees. The lunch was delicious. These cookies are great. What are they? They are special cookies my family makes. They are called swan cakes.

 Swan cakes? Why do you call them swan cakes? Because anyone who eats them turns into a swan. What?! Oh, no! I’m not an ordinary queen. I’m a powerful witch, and I will turn you all into wild swans. Suddenly, the boys’ arms turned into wings. Their necks grew long and thin. Their noses became black beaks. And white feathers grew all over their bodies. Now fly away. Fly far, far away! The eleven swans flew away into the sky. The queen laughed and laughed. Then she hurried back to the king. She rubbed her eyes and pretended to cry. Oh, husband, it was terrible. Your sons and I had a picnic by the lake. Then they wanted to go swimming. I told them to wait. You should not swim right after you eat. But they didn’t listen. They all jumped into the lake, and they all drowned. It was so terrible. All my sons are drowned?

 All my strong, handsome sons? I can’t believe it. I tried to stop them. I’m so sorry. All my sons are dead. What will I do?

 The king was very sad, but the queen was very happy, for all the children were gone. Five years passed, and the king became very sick. He called for his servant. When my sons died, my heart broke. Now I think I am dying. Please bring my daughter, Elise. I want to see her before I die. Yes, my king. Elise returned to the castle. Now she was a beautiful young woman. When the queen saw her , she hated her even more. She had plan to get rid of her.

 Elise, welcome home. Your father missed you very much. But you are dirty from the road. You must take a bath. Thank you, stepmother. But I will only wash my face and hands. I want to see father soon. Here. This is walnut juice soap. Use it to clean up. Elise took the walnut juice soap and washed.

 The walnut juice made her skin dry and wrinkled. It put dark stains on her face and hands. But Elise did not know it. When her father saw her, he did not recognize her. Who are you? I want to see my daughter. It’s me, father. I’m Elise. You can’t trick me.

 My daughter is young and beautiful. You are ugly and wrinkled. Go away! I don’t want to see you. Elise was so sad. She ran away into the forest. Soon she came to the lake. She looked in the lake and saw her face. Oh, no! Now I know why father was so angry. I don’t look like me. Elise washed off the walnut juice in the lake. Soon, she looked young again, and all the stains were gone.

 Chapter 3

 She sat by the lake and thought about what to do next. Then she heard someone singing.

 She walked along the lake and saw an old woman picking berries and singing. Hello, ma’am. What are you doing here? Hello, miss. I am waiting for the swans to come. Swans? What swans? Every year, a flock of eleven swans comes to his lake. They are so beautiful, and they have golden crowns on their heads. They will come here soon. Oh, there they are!

 Eleven swans flew down to the lake. They were as white as new snow, and they had small, golden crowns on their heads. The biggest swan saw Elise on the lake shore. Then all the swans swam over to her and bowed their heads. It looks like they know you. But I don’t know them. This is very strange. I must go home. The sun is going down. Please wait with me, something is happening to the swans.

 The sun disappeared behind the mountain. Suddenly, the swans became eleven handsome princes. My brothers! You are alive! Yes, Elise. The queen put an evil spell on us. In the day, we are swans. At night , we are princes again.

 We come to this lake every year. We hoped to find you some day. Please take me with you.

 Don’t leave me with the queen. Let’s build a bit net. Then we can carry Elise with us. Old woman, please find our father, the king. Tell him that his sons are alive. Tell him to keep hoping. I will try to help them break the spell. I will. Good luck, miss. The brothers built a big net to carry Elise. When the morning came, they all turned into swans again. Elise got in the net.

 The swans picked her up and flew away with her. They flew for many hours. Finally, they came to a cave by a different lake. The swans landed in front of the cave.
 I sent my guards to arrest her. But when they went to her rooms, she was gone. I hope we never see her again. That night, the young king held a grand party. Everyone had a wonderful time. And they all lived happily ever after.


 A few more days passed, and the emperor decided that he wanted to see the new clothes himself. He told all his advisors to come with him. He wanted to see if any of them could not see the clothes. Then he would know if they were stupid_or lazy advisors.

 Good_morning, gentlemen. Is my new suit almost ready? Good_morning, your majesty. Yes. It’s almost ready. Would you like to see? Yes, I would. My advisors said you do very good work. Thank you.

 Here it is. Do you like it? We can change the sleeves if you don’t like them.

 The emperor was very surprised. He looked and looked, but he could not see the new clothes. But all his advisors were there, and he hid not want them to think that he was stupid_or a bad emperor.

 So the emperor pretended to see the clothes. I like the sleeves. What do you think, Jonathan? The sleeves are very nice. Yellow is in fashion this year. The sleeves are green, sir.

 Oh. Well, they look a little yellow-green in this light. The other advisors laughed at Jonathan. They thought he could not see the sleeves. Of course, none of them could see the sleeves either, but they were all afraid to say anything.

 No one wanted to look stupid, so they all pretended to see the wonderful new clothes.

 I think my new clothes are perfect. When will you be done? We will be done next week. Very good. I will hold a parade next week. Then the entire city will be able to see my magical new clothes.

 But your majesty, we need more money. We need to buy jeweled buttons for your new clothes. Here are two more bags of gold. Please buy the best jeweled buttons. Yes, your majesty. Only the best for you.

 Again, Buster and Clyde hid the gold in their bags and pretended to buy jeweled buttons. Then they pretended to sew the buttons on the suit with gold thread.

 The next day, the emperor’s messengers announced the parade. The townspeople were very excited about seeing the magical suit.

 Attention, attention! His majesty, the emperor will hold a parade next week. His new clothes are magical clothes. Only smart, hard working people will be able to see his new clothes. People who are stupid_or lazy will not be able to see the clothes at all. Attention, attention!

 Did you hear that? Magical clothes? My sister said the clothes were yellow and blue. Then your sister must be stupid. My cousin said they were red and green. My sister is not stupid! Your cousin must be lazy.

 Maybe the suit is all colors. Oh, don’t be stupid! All week long, buster and Clyde pretended to sew the emperor’s new clothes. But there was no silk cloth to cut. There was no gold thread in the needles. And there were no jeweled buttons or silver trim anywhere in the sewing room.

 Chapter 4

 Finally, it was the day of the parade. The emperor went to the sewing room to see his new suit. So, tailors, are my new clothes ready?

 Yes, they are. Here is the shirt. And here are the pants. And here is the coat. And we even made a hat!

 Of course, there was nothing there at all. But the emperor pretended to see the magical suit. Wonderful! Beautiful! I love the hat. This suit is even better than the one was made for the king of France.

 The cloth is as light as cobwebs. You will feel like you are wearing air. Would you like to try it on? Um, yes, I would. The emperor was very nervous. It was afraid to try on clothes he couldn’t see. But he had to pretend, or everyone would think he was stupid and lazy.

 First he pretended to put on the shirt. Then he pretended to put on the pants. Then he pretended to put on the coat. Finally, he pretended to put on the hat.

 How do I look? You look perfect, your majesty. It fits you like a glove.

 The emperor looked in the mirror. But he still could not see the clothes. All he saw was his underwear and socks. Well, the townspeople are waiting. I must start the parade.

 Thank you for this wonderful suit. You’re welcome, your majesty. Glad to be of service. The emperor went to the starting place for the parade. All of his Advisors were there. Your majesty, your new clothes are beautiful! The color is perfect!

 The townspeople will love it. Then let’s start the parade. I can’t wait for everyone to see my new clothes. The emperor went outside and started the parade. The parade went from the castle to the town square.

 All the people cheered and cheered for the emperor’s new clothes. Of course, no one could see them, but everyone pretended to. No one wanted anyone to think they were stupid_or lazy. This is the emperor’s best suit ever.

 See? I told you it was blue. Yes, but the pants are red. Then, a little boy pointed at the emperor and shouted. Mama, the emperor has no clothes on! Hush, Henry. Of course the emperor has clothes on. No, he doesn’t.

 I can see his underwear! Suddenly, the emperor knew the child was right. The tailors had tricked him. There were no magic clothes. Everyone only pretended to see the clothes. The emperor continued his parade, but he heard the townspeople talking.

 The boy said the emperor has no clothes on. I think he’s right. He is right! We were all so afraid to look stupid. We were stupid to believe in magical clothes.

 The emperor learned that clothes were not important. Being a good and honest emperor was important.

 The next day, the emperor gave all his clothes to the poor people in his city. He sent his soldiers to capture the lying tailors, but they were gone. They left the city with the emperor’s gold, and no one ever saw them again.

 Once upon a time, there was a rich Emperor. He lived in a big castle and had many servants. The emperor loved good music and good food. But most of all, he loved good clothes. He had different clothes for every day of the week, and different clothes for every hour of the day.

 On his birthday, he always asked for new shirts, new pants and new shoes. And that’s what he always got.

 One day, two poor men named Buster and Clyde came to the emperor’s city. They wanted to make money in the city, but they didn’t want to work hard. They heard some townspeople talking about the emperor. The Emperor will hold another parade tomorrow.

 Oh really? I wonder what he will be wearing. Excuse me. What did you say about a parade?

 Our emperor loves new clothes. When he gets a new suit, he has a parade. Then everyone in the city can see his nice, new clothes. I see. Thank you. Hey Clyde, did you hear that? Hear what?

 The emperor loves new clothes. I have a great idea. We can make lots of money. What’s your idea? We will pretend to be tailors. We will tell the emperor that we can make magic clothes.

 Only smart and hard working people can see the magic clothes. If someone can’t see them, then they must be stupid_or lazy.

 But Buster, we don’t know how to make clothes. That’s the best part. We only pretend to make clothes. No one will be able to see them, but everyone will be afraid to say anything. If they say they can’t see the clothes, all their friends will think they are stupid. Even the emperor will say he can see the clothes. He doesn’t want people to think he is stupid.

 We’ll be rich! Wow! That’s a great idea.

 Chapter 2

 The next day, they went to see the emperor. Good_morning, your majesty. I am Buster, and this is my partner, Clyde.

 We are the greatest tailors in the world. We use the best silks and jewels to make the most beautiful clothes. But our clothes are also very special. The cloth is magic. Only smart, talented people can see it. People who are stupid_or lazy cannot see the clothes at all.

 Is this true? Are your clothes really magical? Oh yes, your majesty. We made a suit for the king of France. Ten of his advisors could not see the suit. So he found ten new advisors who could see it.

 Amazing! I must have a magic suit, too. You may begin today. But your majesty, we need money. We must buy the silk for your new clothes. And we need a big loom to weave the cloth and sewing tools to sew the clothes. You may have as much as you need. Here are two bags of gold. If you need more, please tell me.

 The emperor gave Buster and Clyde a sewing room in his castle. He gave them a big loom to weave the cloth and sewing tools to sew the clothes.

 Buster and Clyde took the emperor’s gold and hid it in their bags. Then they pretended to buy silk for the emperor’s new clothes. The next morning, they pretended to set up the loom and weave cloth.

 Whenever anyone looked into their room, they saw the tailors busy at the loom. No one could see the clothes, but everyone was afraid to look stupid. So they all pretended to see the beautiful clothes.

 Soon, everyone in the castle was talking about the tailors and their wonderful clothes. A few days later, the emperor wanted to know how the new tailors were doing. So he sent one of his advisors to check on them.

 Good_morning, gentlemen. How is everything? Good_morning, sir. Everything is very well. We have started weaving already. Would you like to see?

 Yes, I would. Um, is this the loom you are working with? Yes, it is.

 Isn’t the color wonderful? We were lucky to find such good silk.

 The advisor was very confused. He looked all over the loom for the cloth. But of course, he couldn’t see anything at all. He didn’t want anyone to think he was stupid_or lazy, so he pretended to see the cloth.

 Oh yes! Very nice, very nice. Indeed. The emperor will be very happy when he sees it. This will make a wonderful suit.

 Would you please tell the emperor that we need more money? We need to buy gold thread for his new clothes. Yes, I will. I’ll tell him today.

 That afternoon, the advisor went to see the emperor. He was afraid to say he couldn’t see the cloth. So he made something up. Advisor, how do my new clothes look? They are beautiful, your majesty. I have never seen such wonderful cloth before.

 What color is it? Um, color? Well, it’s, um, … blue, your majesty. Blue! I love blue. This will be my most beautiful suit. One more thing, the tailors said they need more money. They need to buy gold thread for your new clothes. Here are two more bags of gold. Please give them to the tailors right away.

 The advisor gave the gold to buster and Clyde. They hid the gold in their bags and pretended to buy gold thread. Then they pretended to buy gold thread. Then they pretended to weave cloth and sew clothes with the gold thread.

 A few more days passed, and the emperor sent another advisor to check on the tailors. Good_morning, gentlemen. How is the new suit coming along? Good_morning, ma’am. We have been working very hard. We are almost done weaving the cloth.

 Then we can begin to cut out the pieces. Would you like to see? Yes, I would. Buster pretended to hold up p piece of cloth. The advisor looked at buster’s hands.

 But of course, she could not see any cloth. She didn’t want anyone to think she was stupid_or lazy, so she pretended to see the cloth.

 Oh, my. This is very nice. The emperor will be so happy with his new suit. Would you please tell the emperor that we need more money? We need to buy silver trim for his new clothes. Yes, I will. I’ll tell him today. That afternoon, the advisor went to see the emperor.

 She was afraid to say she couldn’t see the cloth. So she made something up. Advisor, how do my new clothes look? You will be very happy, your majesty. Red is your best color. Red? I thought the suit was blue. Oh, I mean, the lining is red.

 They were weaving the lining when a saw them. Blue with a red lining. This truly will be my most beautiful suit. One more thing, the tailors said they need more money. They need to buy silver trim for your new clothes.

 Here are two more bags of gold. Please give them to the tailors right away.

 The advisor gave the gold to buster and Clyde. They hid the gold in their bags and pretended to buy silver trim. Then they pretended to cut the silk cloth and sew silver trim onto the clothes.

 When the miller’s son heard puss’ clever story, he thought to himself. Hmm. My puss is very smart. He might really make me a rich man. Puss was very happy and pleased when he saw the young princess admiring the miller’s son.

 The king sent his servants immediately back to the palace to order the master of the royal wardrobe to prepare clothing for the marquis. Your majesty, you are really too kind. Look at all the fine things the marquis has given me. This is the least that I can do to repay him. In the king’s fine clothes, the miller’s youngest son looked like a fine noble, indeed.

 The king never doubted for a moment that the young man was a noble or a prince.

 My friend, I am so glad that I finally met you! Since you don’t have your own horse, will you please ride with us?

 Your majesty, it would be my pleasure.

 Puss raced ahead of the carriage. He thought to himself. I have given my master his name, and the king has given him his clothes.

 Now all he needs is land and a castle. The rich farmland and the castle belong to a wicked magician but I will claim it for my prince today. Hey, you there! Stop your work and listen to what I have to say. In a little while, the king will pass by here in his carriage. If he asks you who the owner of this land is, then you must answer, the marquis of casabas.

 The marquis of casabas? Who is that? If you obey me you will be very lucky! We will obey you, sir. As the royal carriage came nearer to the field with the farmers, puss-in-boots jumped aboard.

 Puss, I say , who owns this fine land? Just ask the farmers over there, sir. Good people, please tell me who owns this great land. This land belongs to the marquis of casabas, your majesty.

 Now, if your majesty will excuse me, I will go ahead and make sure that a proper welcome is ready for you at the marquis’s castle. Castle? What castle? Shahs! Wait and see. Just trust me.

 Chapter 4

 Once again, puss raced ahead of the carriage. When he arrived at the wicked magician’s castle, he paused for a moment to come up with a plan. Puss-in-boots was sure no one would lower the castle fate for a cat, but they would for a damsel in distress.

 Please, oh please, help me! I am a damsel in distress and I need your help! When the large gate was lowered, no one could see a damsel in distress anywhere, so it was slowly raised again.

 Meanwhile, puss-in-boots was able to enter the castle unnoticed. Once inside, he began looking for the wicked magician. Ah ha! There he is! He is the man I must conquer for my master. He owns the castle and everything the marquis will need. You’re Excellency! Please excuse me, but I have traveled from very far away to see you.

 You are famous throughout the world. Why would you come so far just to see me? I heard that you were the greatest magician in the entire world. So, I wanted to see for myself if it was really true.

 Of course it is true! I can turn myself into anything! I can turn myself into a lion, a bear, an elephant or a tiger!

 Impossible! I don’t believe you can turn yourself into a lion. Without any more words, the magician immediately turned himself into a huge, ferocious, and very scary lion. Puss was so scared that he begged the magician to turn himself back.

 Okay, I believe you now that you can turn yourself into large creatures. But, can you also turn yourself into small creatures, like a mouse or a rat? That must be too difficult even for someone like you.

 What do you mean too difficult? Watch what I can do! In the blink of an eye, the wicked magician turned himself into a small mouse. Ah ha, my friend! You may be the greatest magician in the entire world, but I am the greatest mouser.

 Puss pounced on the mouse, and that was the end of the wicked magician. Attention guards! Please prepare to welcome your new master, the marquis of casabas!

 He will be the new master of the castle! All of the servants were so happy to hear the news of a new master, that they immediately obeyed puss. Just then, the royal carriage arrived. Bowing low, puss said.

 Welcome, your majesty, to the home of my lord and master, the marquis of casabas.

 Everyone was so happy with the new master, who was so young and handsome, that the finest feast ever was prepared and everyone had a wonderful time. My lord of casabas, I have never been so well entertained.

 It will be your own fault if I do not become your father-in-law. Would you really be willing to marry me, princess? I would love to marry you, marquis of casabas. The next day, the poor miller’s son and the most beautiful princess in the whole world were married. And, everyone lived happily ever